Mom, why are you here?
Just you want to enter my Nangong's door
You are really whimsical.
You Mrs. Li
Don't you mean you have no real power now?
Deceive your boss
But my Qiao family is not enough kang
Humph mom
Song Nian Yi is a down payment
What about the down payment?
The assets of the Qiao family are all abroad
In Jinzhou, our Nangong family has the final say
Turn your elbow out
You kicked my son out of Nangong's house
I haven't settled the bill with you yet.
How can you hit someone?
Don't say that he is in order in our Nangong family
As long as I'm not dead
You have to listen to me
Nan Nan
Back then, it was completely bullying him to cheat on himself
It's none of my mom's business
Look at your son
How dare you override my words
Do you still remember the family motto of the Nangong family?
Xiaoyan, tell me
Do you want the Nangong family, you are still the element of evil clothes?
Mrs. Jun
You go too far.
Grandpa
Are you alright?
Grandpa is so nice